>>Evolution is a term to
define only one organism,
and that's the self.
The self is the universe.
The self is the alpha and
omega, God, and infinity.
And that's the only
thing that evolves
because we are all
part of the self.
Nothing goes through an
evolutionary process alone
or without direct
benefit to the whole.
So when you begin to
think that there's
this controlling
elite, this controlling
hand behind the curtains leading
the planet to destruction,
when you think the end is near,
the apocalypse, Armageddon,
and when you think we
as a species are doomed,
it is not a they, it is you
that brought this about.
And for a very good reason.
You are evolving.
Stop blaming everybody
and everything else.
Quit panicking about global
tyranny and natural disaster
and pay attention.
Because the world is
telling you something,
is telling you exactly
what is wrong with you
and how to fix it.
>>The Earth is believed to have
formed 4.6 billion years ago.
Within the first
150 million years,
it began cooling
and releasing gases
from the lithosphere,
which created the earliest
forms of the Earth's atmosphere.
Prior to the creation
of this atmosphere,
the sun's ultraviolet
radiation made
for uninhabitable conditions.
But as the Earth
cooled further, water
condensed in the atmosphere
and oxygen accumulated,
making way for
organic compounds.
This spawned single-celled
organisms and then plant life.
And down through time, the
evolutionary chain continued.
And then we arrive at a species
that does not seem to fit
as well as the rest.
Homo sapiens' gestation
period of nine months
mimics the 3.8 billion year
evolution of all life on earth.
The human embryo repeats the
evolution of all species.
When the sperm and egg
unite, this new creation
is a single-celled organism.
Within hours, the single
cell divides and multiplies
more rapidly than
any other species.
Four weeks later, the embryo
begins to develop gills,
mimicking aquatic life.
A few weeks later, it
develops lungs and a tail
with reptilian appearance.
From there, a mammal is
recognizable, and then
onto a primate form.
It then sheds its lanugo,
which is the embryonic fur,
and at last shows
the characteristics
of a human child.
The human body is a community
of approximately 50 trillion
cells.
Everything the body does
the cell does as well.
Cells have respiratory
and excretory systems.
They feed, feel, think, and
communicate with other cells.
Trillions of cells make
up a single organism
called the human body, and
billions of human bodies
help make up the
organism we call Earth.
The Earth has more similarities
with the human anatomy
than you may think.
Earth has its own
electromagnetic generation,
just like the human body.
Research has found that a
direct current of electricity
flows through
perineural cells found
around every nerve in the body.
These pathways are
called energy meridians
and have been used in the
practice of acupuncture
for at least 2,000 years.
Dating even farther back is
the notion of dragon paths,
or lay lines, in which many
megalithic structures and stone
monuments were erected,
marking the energy
meridians of the Earth.
These energy meridians
are generated
by the resonant frequencies of
the Earth called the Schumann
waves.
Each planetary body has its
own resonant frequencies
and is determined by the
circumference and diameter, as
well as the speed of
orbit and rotation.
The Earth's resonant
frequency starts at 7.83 hertz
and ends with the seventh
harmonic at 43.2 hertz,
correlating with
the seven chakras.
Ultimately, the greatest
discovery of our Earth
is its consciousness.
A visible attribute
of consciousness
is an energetic
field that governs
the shaping of organisms.
Morphic genesis is
a scientific term
to explain this very
shaping of tissues, organs,
and entire organisms.
Consciousness is the creative
force of the entire universe.
It has been given many names
such as God, Yahweh, Krishna,
nature, the field, and divinity.
The entire universe is in
fact a single living conscious
organism with complete
awareness of itself.
The reason why it may seem
difficult to comprehend this
is because our
understanding is typically
limited by our language.
When we hear the term
conscious organism,
we tend to anthropomorphize
its definition.
By giving it human
qualities, we mistakenly
look past what an organism
truly is in the first place.
The definition of an
organism is any living thing
capable of response to
stimuli, reproduction, growth
and development, and
maintenance of homeostasis
as a stable whole.
Our universe does
all of these things.
The consciousness
of our universe
is responsible for
the form and purpose
that all matter assumes.
The Earth's resonant frequencies
are a result of its form.
These frequencies
are responsible
for biological rhythms, such as
menstrual and circadian cycles,
as well as behavioral
and emotional patterns.
The frequencies
are then picked up
by the flora and fauna, which
are biological instruments that
respond to the wave patterns.
The wave patterns resonate
in the cranial structure
of our head and converge in
the center of our brain, which
is where we find
the pineal gland.
The pineal gland is
believed in many cultures
to be the spiritual third eye
responsible for intuition.
Descartes called it
the seat of the soul
where mind and body meet.
Each individual cell
in our body receives
an electromagnetic impulse from
our central nervous system.
They receive the
very same impulse
that was disseminated to
every biological instrument
from the Earth.
An explanation of our
conscious universe
has been attempted by religion,
science, and philosophy.
The neglect of biological
nature from any organism
causes illness.
A divorce from nature,
exile from Eden,
confounding with
tongues, they're
all symptoms, not of a
biblical God or deity,
but the true self.
The greatest and only
threat to ourselves
is a loss of self, the
death of our divinity.
As we barrel through history
with oceans of information, yet
barely a drop of wisdom,
we have to understand
how we lost our self.
In sacred texts and
ancient scriptures
left by our ancestors, we
find an incredible link
between stories of
creation, a great flood,
the War of the Gods,
the messiah dying
for the sins of man,
end time prophecies,
and similar characters.
These correlations
show up in myths
from cultures that supposedly
had no contact with one
another due to distance
and geography and time.
The common thread we find
that connects all of mythology
has its roots in the stars.
One of the most
revealing accounts
is the Battle of the Gods in
heaven and the ensuing flood.
In the Bible, Lucifer
rivaled the Lord,
and was defeated and
cast down to Earth.
In the creation myth
of the Enuma Elish,
we find a similar story of
Tiamat being defeated by Marduk
and cast down to
the Abyss of Apsu.
"And chaos, Tiamat, the
mother of them both.
Apsu and Tiamat's waters
were mingled together."
Meaning that the
chaotic waters of Tiamat
were somehow mixed with
the sweet waters of Apsu.
Apsu was the Sumero-Akkadian god
of the abyss beneath the earth.
Tiamat, also known
as Lucifer, was
known as a serpent or dragon,
and was defeated by Marduk.
Marduk was the father
of Nabu, or Mercury.
And Mercury is the same
mythological character
as the Zoroastrian Mithra,
the Egyptian Hermes Anubis,
and the not the
[? Nasikermes ?] [? Christos ?].
The most recent
version of Mercury,
however, is the
archangel Michael
in the Bible, who defeated
Lucifer and sent them
to the abyss of
the earth, or hell.
This story is steeped in
astrological significance
in the Bible and in many
other ancient scriptures.
This leads to an
event in history
that is recorded by many
researchers regarding
the cosmic upheaval
and historic deluge.
William Comyns Beaumont
states, "The flood immortalizes
the collision of
a fallen planet,
later termed Satan, actually a
cometary body, with our earth."
Consider what this reveals.
He postulates that a
planet, later termed Satan,
fell to the Earth, creating
the flood we see recorded
in the Bible and other myths.
Lucifer, or Tiamat, was a
planet known to ancient cultures
as The Glistening One, the
Dragon of Chaotic Salt Waters.
The light from the
sun illuminated
this planet's
water, which gave it
a glow that rivaled the
sun's own light, which
is where we hear
about Lucifer rivaling
the Lord, the Lord in this case
being the sun, which sustains
and gives warmth to the Earth.
The planet Tiamat,
or Lucifer, was
destroyed by a
cataclysmic event that
pulled the watery planet
to the abyss of the earth.
In the Book of
Enoch, it reveals,
"And behold a star
fell from heaven--
and when it fell to Earth, I saw
how the Earth was swallowed up
in a great abyss."
The myth of the Ute
Indians states, "The sun
was shivered into a
thousand fragments, which
fell to Earth causing a
general conflagration.
Then TA-WATS, fled before the
destruction he had wrought,
and as he fled, the burning
Earth consumed his feet, legs,
body, hands, and arms, until
at last, swarmed with heat,
the eyes of the
god burst and tears
gushed forth in a flood
which spread over the Earth,
extinguishing the fire."
This myth resembles the
translation of the Enuma Elish
by Stephanie Daley in her
book, "Myth from Mesopotamia,"
which explains that
"Tiamat's eyes became
the source of the Tigris
and Euphrates rivers."
As written in the
Book of Revelations,
"And there was a war in heaven.
Michael and his angels
fought against the dragon,
and the dragon and his
angels fought back.
The great dragon
was hurled down,
that ancient serpent called
the devil, or Satan, who
leads the whole world astray.
He was hurled to the earth."
The Roman mythology of
Ovid gives the story
of Phaeton, which happens
to be another name given
to the watery planet
Lucifer, or Tiamat.
This story reveals that
Phaeton was a child of the sun
and wished to become
the sun for a day.
Phaeton attempted this feat,
and eventually, [? Jove, ?]
who was also known as
Marduk, destroyed Phaeton,
sending him crashing
to the Earth in flames
and put out by a
tremendous flood of water
from a river unseen before.
The common theme
we notice here is
that of a salt water planet, the
great dragon, Lucifer, Tiamat,
or Phaeton, was defeated
and fell to the Earth
and now dwells in the abyss
known as hell, giving us
the outline of the
story of Lucifer
rising up against the Lord and
being defeated and banished
to rule the underworld.
As we know, however, an outline
is but a shell of a story.
The inner meaning, the
spirit of the myth,
comes with a deeper
understanding
of the essence of each planet.
Not just the physical planet,
but the conscious core.
Because we know now that
the proportions and velocity
of a planet gives them their
own characteristic frequencies,
which govern biological
and behavioral patterns.
These planets reflect the
archetypal psychology of man.
In ancient times, probably
the most important field
of research was the
study of the heavens.
Galactic bodies and their
movement through the sky
were known to be symbolic
of the inner faculties
within human consciousness.
Within all organisms,
outdated science
has only explained
the physical world
measured by our five senses.
Only in esoteric religions,
mysticism, and quantum fields
of science are we
to find any attempt
at explaining where
thoughts and emotions fit
into the
sense-perceptible world.
We also understand
now that humanity
is a community of cells within
the organism of the Earth.
The Earth, therefore,
is a higher organism
that shapes our
form and function.
This higher organism and
all other planetary bodies
are governed by
consciousness, just
as we individual humans are.
Therefore, the Newtonian
belief that galactic bodies
are nothing more than lifeless
forms floating in space
is tantamount to claiming
that we humans are
nothing more than a composite
of elements in motion.
We know that this is untrue
because we feel, we think,
and furthermore, we see the
result of our consciousness,
creating what we call life.
Plato wrote, "This
world is indeed
a living being endowed with
a soul and intelligence--
a single visible living entity
containing all other living
entities, which by their
nature are all related.
Furthermore, the cosmos is
a single living Creature
which contains all living
creatures within it."
And in an article out
of the Sufi Journal,
the author writes, "The world
is a living spiritual being.
This was understood by
the ancient philosophers
and the alchemists who referred
to the spiritual essence
of the world as the anima mundi,
the 'Soul of the World.'" In
scriptures, we hear of the claim
that angels guide the inner
soulful actions of people, or
that the gods wield influence
over man.
Most ancient spiritual
and scientific teachings
held the belief
that the hierarchies
of the gods, angels,
archangels, [? archi, ?]
all the way down to the
cherubim and the seraphim,
are the hierarchies
within the human psyche.
In this way, we must
understand that when
the whole of ancient myths
and sacred scriptures
speak of spiritual influence
from a higher being,
they were speaking of
archetypal forces that
are inherent within
us, not an influence
from an external source.
This is where we begin to see
the relevance of astrology
as an ancient form of
science that resurfaced
in the 19th and 20th centuries
under the name of psychology.
Frederick Nietzche
even stated, "As long
as you still experience the
stars as something above you,
you still lack a
viewpoint of knowledge."
This is astropsychology,
and that's
the inner faculties
of the psyche.
In pre-Christian times, there
were schools known today
as the mystery schools
or the mystery religions.
The messages encoded
in the scriptures
and ancient archaeology
came from adepts
of spiritual science.
The intent was to
teach the initiates
the deeper meaning
of these myths.
What became later termed as
Lucifer, Satan, or the devil,
was representative of
the ego, which rivals
the Lord, the
representative of the self.
The true self is the epicenter
of a person's entire being.
It is the total sum of
everything that we are.
The false ego, on
the other hand,
is the idea and concept
we create about ourselves
in the course of our lives,
which typically excludes
any qualities we don't wish
to accept about ourselves.
However, humanity has been
endowed with the freedom
to choose, either to
obey the true self,
or to give into the
temptation of the vanity
and materialism
of the false ego.
This is the most notable
trait that separates man
from animal, our
freedom of choice.
The choice to follow
our concepts and ideals
or our natural impulses.
The choice to sustain
nature or to destroy it.
This freedom of choice weighs on
the fate of the entire organism
that we call humanity.
Cancer begins with a group of
cells within a community that
fail to communicate with
the conscious signal
of the organism.
Those cells begin to grow
out of control and spread
to other areas of the organism.
This very disease is
evident in our world today.
The cancer upon our Earth is
the domination of our false ego
and our divorce from nature.
Collectively, among
every human, vanity
leads to segregation
and competition.
Competition leads
to fear and greed.
Greed leads to deceit
and immorality.
And immorality is the
breeding ground for illness,
waging war on our Earth.
Every act of hatred and
destructiveness in our world
begins with self hate
and self-destructiveness.
And that all begins with a
breakdown in communication.
In nature, all that we
perceive with our five senses
is a result of two
fundamental principles.
Everything in existence
is made of a relationship
between vibration and matter.
Vibration is a
masculine creative force
countered by matter, which is
a feminine receptive force.
Thus begins the
principle of duality.
We see this duality in ancient
myths and philosophies,
yet only those
philosophies and scriptures
that were perverted and
raped of the original meaning
gave the impression
that one polarity
was good while the
other was evil.
The original sages,
adepts, and shamans
taught that both are
necessary, and one would not
exist without the other.
These two important
principles come together
to form all things
in the universe.
This is kymatica.
Even language, logos,
the communication
of any and all things in nature,
depends upon this principle.
Pete Peterson in
his work, "Cymatics,
the Science of the
Future," stated
that "nature shows examples
of Kymatica in everything."
This phenomena is found to be
one of the prime forces that
moves biological
evolution along its path."
Dan Winter reproduced
an experiment
to prove that the ancient
languages of Hebrew
and Sanskrit, when spoken,
create a vibratory frequency
that moved matter into
sacred geometrical patterns.
Upon further investigation,
Hebrew, Sanskrit, Aramaic,
Arabic, and other elder
dialects have older roots
in a parent language of Gaelic
and quite possibly an even
earlier origin.
In Swami Murugesu's
"The Science of Mantra,"
he claimed that when a
person chanted specific words
in Sanskrit while
filming a burning candle,
the intensity as well as
the color of the flame
would change due
to the frequency
that the word would emit.
This same science has been
shown to lower and raise
blood pressure.
And in his own words,
"Certain sounds
can affect our circulation
and nervous system--
whatever change such
vibrations cause
extends to the mind of a person
and also to the surrounding
atmosphere, causing
warmth or coolness.
All this can be known by
study and shown by practice."
This rediscovered knowledge
of the science of sound
shows that sound
is something more
than mere vibratory signals.
Not only does sound
interact with life,
but it sustains and develops it.
It acts as a conduit
of conscious intent
between people, societies,
and entire civilizations.
Yet the psychic
illness we endure
due to the domination
of our false ego
is reflected in the collective.
Our psychological
schism has shut us
off from communicating correctly
with our inner self, which
is exactly how cancer cells
within the body operate.
In the collective, we've
created a language barrier
between humanity and
the rest of nature,
acting as a global cancer.
Recorded in history,
the efficacy
of the ancient languages
has been severely uprooted.
The alphanumeric translation
from Hebrew to English
shows a complete reversal
of the two languages,
giving the cymatic
affect unnatural results.
Dr. Leonard Horowitz
stated in his work on DNA,
"one third of the
sensory-motor-cortex
of the brain is devoted to the
tongue, oral cavity, the lips,
and speech.
In other words, oral frequency
emissions spoken or sung
exert powerful
control over life,
vibrating genes that influence
total well-being and even
evolution of the species."
A degradation of
language in this case
is shown to affect biology.
If something as basic
and important as language
can be degraded and
devalued to such a degree,
yet never questioned, what
else might we be missing?
Think of an aspect
of your life that
dictates the limits
of your freedom.
Government and law enforcement,
insurance and pharmaceutical
companies, taxes, building
permits, driver's licenses,
and more.
There are hundreds,
if not thousands,
of stipulations, regulations,
and boundaries on our freedom.
And out of the
ones that were just
mentioned, how many have
you researched to find out
whether they apply
to you or not?
Let's look at the forms of law
that we currently acquiesce to.
A common misconception
among people
is that any rule or
regulation that governs them
falls under one category, law.
But there are many
other forms of law
that people abide by without
realizing that they simply
do not apply to them.
Another misconception is that a
nation's constitution gives us
our rights.
A constitution does nothing
more than list the rights
that we already have.
We are born with
inalienable rights,
endowed to us by our creator.
They're not given to us, and
they cannot be given away.
The most a person
can do with a right
is choose whether to
exercise it or not.
Maritime admiralty law is what's
known as the law of the water.
It is superseded by civil
law, and only applies
to those who willingly
contract themselves into it.
The definition of
admiralty law is a body
of private international law
governing the relationships
between private entities, which
operate vessels on the oceans.
Let's look at how
and why a form of law
that is fashioned to govern
corporations, businesses,
and vessels has imposed its
rule over natural human beings.
This is all done through
a form of word magic.
A simple perversion
of language has
made it possible to convince
people around the world
that these alternative
laws apply to them.
One of the predominant
beliefs in modern culture
is that licenses,
permits, registrations,
and other forms of
documentation are
required to operate motor
vehicles, use public roads,
build structures
and establishments,
engage in free
enterprise, and much more.
Sadly, these beliefs are based
on little to no investigation
whatsoever and are false.
This belief structure
is perpetuated
by maritime admiralty law.
This form of law was
originally created
to govern ships docking in
foreign nations for the import
or export of products
and resources.
It deals with banking
and merchant affairs, not
civil affairs.
When a product is
taken off of a ship
and brought into a
foreign land, that nation
takes custody of the
resource and accounts for it
with a certificate.
That certificate
marks the birth date
of that product in the custody
of the respective nation.
Think of why it is
supposedly required
to have a certificate of live
birth in the first place.
The Baron's Dictionary
of Banking Terms
defines a certificate as a
paper establishing an ownership
claim.
So right there, we notice
that everyone with a birth
certificate is defined
as being owned.
People are used as
collateral with other nations
because the US is bankrupt.
The United States declared
bankruptcy on March 9 of 1933.
At this point, the
US began taking out
loans from a private
non-government affiliated
corporation called
the Federal Reserve.
With no money to
pay back the loans,
the United States began using
the citizens as collateral.
All birth and
marriage certificates
are literally
warehouse receipts.
Just look at the similarities
of warehouse receipts and birth
certificates.
Both document the date of issue,
a serial number, registration
number or receipt number, a
description of the product,
and an authorized
informant to notify
the appropriate
government agency.
With all of this information
being readily available,
the majority of people are
unaware of their involvement
with maritime admiralty law.
This is possible through the
manipulation of language.
This admiralty law changed
the meaning of the word person
from a natural, living
person to a corporation.
Driver's licenses, vehicle
registrations, auto insurance
forms, building permits,
gun permits, work permits,
tax filing documents, birth
and death certificates, traffic
citations, and many other
forms of documentation
that were once believed
to be absolutely necessary
only apply to persons
or corporations.
Upon signing such
a legal document,
you are indirectly waiving your
rights under the Constitution
and lowering your status to
that of a corporation that
was created with the
same exact name as you.
The only way to
reconcile your true name
from the name of
the corporation is
to take notice that
the corporation has
its name in all capital letters.
This is known as capitis
diminutia maxima.
You may take notice that
your driver's license, birth
certificate, social security
card, insurance cards, and more
use all capital letters
to legally represent
the corporation with
your name, not you.
The corporation is known
as an artificial person,
whereas you, the human being,
are known as a natural person.
This deception goes even deeper
when it comes to the courts
that we attend.
When showing up
to court, you will
notice that there are seats for
witnesses behind a wooden fence
or barrier.
The defendant must cross
through the entrance
to the other side
of the barrier where
the plaintiff and judge sit.
This act symbolizes
the boarding of a ship.
At this time, business
can be conducted
in maritime admiralty law.
The judge, acting as
captain or banker,
is responsible for settling the
balance between the two sides.
This is why there's always
a monetary value involved
in any court case.
The captain is simply dealing
with banking and merchant
disputes.
Once the balance is
paid, the case is closed.
To turn the court case
away from admiralty law,
where your rights
are not protected,
you must avoid
agreeing to represent
the artificial person.
This is done by stating that
you are the natural person.
You don't have a
first or last name
because those imply
corporate title.
In a court case, you may
state that the court takes
judicial notice of your
honor's oath of office.
Every judge must take an oath
of office to practice law.
Yet you must make it clear
to the court and the jury
that the judge is acting
as judge and not banker.
Remember that you are a natural
human being of the Earth.
You are not governed by anything
but your own consciousness.
Laws are created
within a society.
The society that
created the laws
we see being enforced today
is called the law society.
Yet the most beautiful part
of this entire deception
is the fact that we are not
part of the law society,
so their laws do
not apply to us.
>>Judges, lawyers, and
law enforcement officers,
they're all part of a society.
Within that society, they've
created their own language
that's deceptively
similar to English.
They have these little
things called statutes, acts,
and regulations
that seem like laws,
but they really only apply to
those within their society.
So that basically means all the
traffic violations, minimum age
requirements, and
everything except for damage
to another person
or their property
doesn't really apply
to the natural person.
>>Laws only apply to those
within the law society.
The game being played
is an illusion.
You can simply choose
to open your eyes
and reclaim the freedom that
you were born with, bound
by nothing but the limits
of your imagination.
These are just a few
examples of assuring
that your rights
are being protected.
By far, the most
important line of defense
against this deception is to
be aware of the perversion
of language and be
absolutely aware of how
you form your
beliefs and concepts.
In all forms of the
perversion of language,
there's a mirror
reflection of this
in the microcosm of the psyche.
>>And the problem
I see with humanity
today is we don't truly
know ourselves anymore.
We have the nine to five job.
We have the house, the children,
the bills, the television,
the hobbies, and the errands
that we run every single day.
And we eventually
begin to believe
that this is who we are.
But who are we that
meet the job title,
that meet the status of mother
or father, theist or atheist,
Republican or Democrat,
black or white, man or woman.
Who are we?
Who are we deep down inside?
We don't know
because every time we
see an answer that we don't
want to except about ourselves,
we deny it.
We'll pass it off and
project it onto somebody else
and judge them for it.
This is repression.
And we see what
repression can do
to us on an individual
level, but what
about on a collective
level of humanity?
What happens when the
whole world refuses
to see what they truly
are on the inside?
>>Carl Jung discovered
that there's
a collective unconscious
connected to all humans,
meaning that the
whole of humanity
shares a single mind
with one another.
This is evident in the world
through accounts of shared
mythology and symbols, the
study of morphic fields,
and with the science
of kinesiology.
This collectivity
is a global example
of the unconscious mind of the
human body, in which trillions
of cells share a similar signal.
This parasite
called our false ego
requires a continuous flow
of sustenance to survive.
Food, fuel, and any other
form of sustenance is energy.
Human consciousness is
an electromagnetic field
of energy.
When this potential
energy is utilized,
it then releases
kinetic energy, which
is used to perpetuate
the false ego.
This scenario occurs in the
smallest parasitic organisms,
all the way to a collective
organism called humanity.
A parasite will
release chemicals
that cause the host to
crave the sustenance
that the parasite
needs to survive.
As long as the
host is unaware, it
will keep feeding the
parasite and starving itself.
In a similar way, Wilhelm Reich
stated that whole societies
suffer from a psychosis
caused by starving
our organic biological impulses.
He states that "Sexual
suppression supports
the power of the Church,
which has sunk very deep roots
into the exploited masses
by means of sexual anxiety
and guilt.
It engenders timidity towards
authority and binds children
to their parents.
This results in adult
subservience to state authority
and to capitalistic
exploitation.
It paralyzes the
intellectual critical powers
of the oppressed masses
because it consumes the greater
part of biological energy.
Finally, it paralyzes
the resolute development
of creative forces and renders
impossible the achievement
of all aspirations
for human freedom.
In this way the
prevailing economic system
in which single individuals
can easily rule entire masses
becomes rooted in the
psychic structures
of the oppressed themselves."
What Reich was showing
in this powerful quote
is that on a collective
level, the suppression
of a natural function,
whether biological,
spiritual, or
emotional, will result
in an abnormal reaction,
a psychic disease.
This illness or disease is
reflected into the masses
through a collective unconscious
and acts as an epidemic.
Humanity is plagued with
an incapacity for freedom,
meaning that people en
masse lack the ability
to govern themselves
on a psychic level,
and this manifests in the
macrocosm as government
and organized religious powers.
Thus opening the throne, our
national and individual throne,
to anyone and anything.
Enter the infamous
rulers of the Earth.
The patriarchs of civilization,
political, social, economic,
and spiritual dictatorship.
Psychic tyranny.
This simple illness
within our psyche,
this lack of responsibility and
neglect of basic human freedom,
has made way for every tyrant
that has ever held rule
over people on this planet.
But these oppressive
tyrants that
are demonized by the masses
are no different than us.
In fact, they are one with us.
In the book "The Prophet"
by Kahlil Gibran,
he poetically states, "I say,
as the holy and the righteous
cannot rise beyond the highest
which is in each of you,
so the wicket and the weak
cannot fall lower than
the lowest which
is in you also."
Every one of us
has the capability
to commit the most
horrifying sin
or show the most beautiful
compassion to our fellow man.
This is the very
definition of an illness
within the psyche
and soul of man.
Think of any position
of power that you
believe to be above you.
Royal families, government
leaders, the United Nations,
financial organizations,
corporate monopolies, and media
juggernauts.
These are all facets
of our false ego.
They're the physical
advent of our own sickness.
They require our
conscious participation,
our conscious
energy, to survive.
Because without our cooperation,
without supplying them
with the sustenance of
complicity, they starve.
Their very nature depends
on our desire to be ruled.
And a typical symptom of the
illness among humanity today
is a continuous
denial of our illness.
Repression.
We consistently
repressed those qualities
we choose not to
accept about ourselves.
This is why it is
so difficult to see
the false ego in its
multiple manifestations
for what they truly are.
This is the very nature
of the false ego.
It acts as a red
herring to distract us
from the freedom we truly have.
For this psychic
parasite to survive,
it must supply us
with a chemical that
will cause us to remain
dependent upon it.
In this case, the sustenance
is our conscious energy.
And in order for us to
feed it to the parasite,
the chemical of
fear causes humanity
to crave protection and defense.
>>The functions of
the body to survive
can be broken down to two basic
functions for any organism
to survive.
You have to be able to grow,
maintain yourself, take
care of your biology.
But you also must be
able to protect yourself,
so that if you're just growing
and you can't protect yourself,
you'll become food
for something else.
So survival involves a balance
between growth and protection.
Through the history
of human civilization
and human evolution,
we recognize
that our nature is to
be in a state of growth,
and that our protection
is only supposed
to be used to help us out
of that threatening moment.
You can't be in growth and in
protection at the same time.
So the significance is, when
we see a need of protection,
the stress hormones in the
body shut off the blood vessels
in our viscera,
our gut, which is
the part of the body for growth.
Well the issue is, if you took
the blood from the viscera
and moved it out
to the arms, then
you left no blood
in the viscera.
That means no growth, but
you're ready to fight.
And when your
fighting is finished,
then the blood returns
back to the viscera,
and you grow again.
But in the world that we live
in today, it's 24/7 fear.
So we have a continuous
dripping of that stress hormone
into the body.
It's just dripping
all the time, getting
us ready to run
or fight or flight
at any moment at
the drop of a hat.
We're ready to go
because we're on guard.
Well, the problem
is what does that
mean about your
allocation of energy?
It says we're spending most
of our energy on protection.
You cannot survive if you're
in protection all the time.
>>And if the parasite can
control the nature of the fear,
it can then create
a fear among us
that only it can
defend us against.
A recent physical
manifestation of this
comes from Zbignew Brzezinski,
former Secretary of State
who also supported
President Barack Obama.
In his book, "The Grand
Chessboard," he states,
"As America becomes an
increasingly multicultural
society, it may find it
more difficult to fashion
a consensus of
foreign policy issues
except in the circumstance
of a truly massive and widely
perceived direct
external threat."
Even the Reich Fuhrer of the
Nazi Party, Hermann Goering,
sums up this game of supply
and demand perfectly when
he stated, "The
people can always
be brought to the
bidding of the leaders.
That is easy.
All you have to do
is tell them they
are being attacked and denounce
the peacemakers for lack
of patriotism and exposing
the country to danger.
It works the same
in any country."
It also works the same in
every individual psyche.
Just remember that the false
ego has only one desire,
to become greater and more
powerful than the true self.
This illness causes
us to believe
that we are separate
from nature.
This is why we see such
a rise in the dependency
of technology.
This is why we see
such little stewardship
for the earth and
the environment.
And this is why we see
bigotry, racism, sexism,
and every other form
of discrimination
possible that leads to crime,
violence, wars, and eventually,
the global destruction
of the organism.
This endless state of fear,
confusion, and segregation
our world seems to
live in is a symptom
of the false ego
creating a false threat.
Many of the United
States presidents
have blood relations
with each other.
The Bush lineage has blood
ties to a great number
of former Presidents.
George Washington, Millard
Fillmore, Franklin Pierce,
Abraham Lincoln, Ulysses
Grant, Rutherford Hayes,
James Garfield, Grover
Cleveland, Teddy Roosevelt,
William Taft, Calvin
Coolidge, Herbert Hoover,
Franklin Roosevelt, Richard
Nixon, and Gerald Ford.
Michael Tsarion
points out in his work
that "Bush is closely related
to every European monarch
on and off the throne
and has kinship
with every member of
Britain's royal family.
Bush's family tree can
be documented as far back
as the early 15th century.
He has a direct
descent from Henry III
and from Henry VIII's
sister Mary Tudor.
He is also descended from
Charles II of England."
And we also find
that George W Bush
is a direct descendant
of Godfroi de Bouillon.
Godfroi was the first
king of Jerusalem
after he recaptured it
from the Saracens, which
was the name for the Islamic
faith during the Middle Ages.
It is interesting to note
that the current occupation
of the United States
in the Middle East
was reestablished by the
same family, George Bush
Sr. in 1991, and again by
George Bush Jr. in 2003.
George Bush Jr. is then found
to be a cousin to both opposing
candidates of his two terms in
office, Al Gore and John Kerry.
Democratic president
Barack Obama
also has blood ties
with George W Bush,
as well as Gerald Ford,
Lyndon Johnson, Harry Truman,
James Madison, and the British
Prime Minister, Sir Winston
Churchill.
On the opposing side of the
2008 presidential ballot,
John McCain is descended from
Robert the Bruce, King William
I of Scotland, and also
Godfroi de Bouillon.
>>Probably one of the
most interesting facets
of the bloodline
relations is the fact
that the whole
British royal family
has descent from the
Muslim prophet Muhammad
through the Arab
kings of Seville.
This bloodline was passed
through the kings of Portugal,
Castile, and eventually
down to King Edward IV.
This is a very,
very different story
from what you hear the media
pumping out every day, being
this idea of lineal superiority.
It's completely
debunked according
to the foremost authority of
aristocratic lineage, Burke's
Peerage.
And this just goes to show
that there's the true story,
and then there's the
manufactured illusion,
the front, that's
given to the public.
>>These blood ties go on and on,
and are documented thoroughly
through literature
such as Burke's Peerage
and other comparable books.
The point of all
of this is that we
find not just the same
people, but the same intent
within the people who have held
high positions of monarchy,
dynasty, aristocracy,
and democracy
in the past and present.
And they are all related by
a physical and symbolic link.
This bloodline carries
the symbol of our illness.
The symptoms of our
psychospiritual illness
are the wars, terrorist
attacks, artificial or man
made disasters,
and leader figures.
As long as the people remain
oblivious to their inner drives
and inner nature,
they will always
fail to recognize why
these events take place
and why these figures rise
to such powerful positions.
The reason why we have
failed for thousands of years
to conquer these
archetypal rulers
permanently is because
for thousands of years,
we've been fighting the symptoms
of an illness and not the root
cause.
For every corrupted
government that
falls at the hands
of a revolutionary,
oppressed people, two more will
rise in its place every time.
Because the root cause
of a corrupt government
does not exist in the individual
leading that government.
It exists within the
psyche of every individual.
Because an unaware host
to a deadly parasite
will do anything to avoid
accepting his own incapacity
for freedom.
We are so bereft of
sanity in this world
that those few who simply
stop projecting onto others
and begin facing their own
demons are seen as neurotic.
An article written
in the 1950s states
that "Studies showed
that individuals
who had been isolated from their
familiar social and cultural
environment became neurotic.
This shows that when those
individuals had no object
to identify their
darker emotions with,
they began to see these things
in themselves that which they
refused to recognize before,
and were unaware of why
they appeared and how to cope."
Facing our true inner self is
virtually unknown in our world
today.
This is why no matter how many
civilizations rise and fall,
it is our collective
consciousness that
creates our governing apparatus,
not individual people.
And after countless
attempts, you
would imagine that
people would realize
that a physical retaliation
may not be the solution.
Yet here we are,
thousands of years
later, with technology
that can clone DNA,
vehicles that can
break the sound barrier
and probe the depths
of space, and science
that can overcome
almost any sickness.
Yet we still fail to take notice
to the importance of thoughts
and consciousness.
This is the very
definition of insanity.
And every single one
of us is responsible
for this psychic
epidemic, because we're
killing the messenger and paying
no attention to the message.
"During the 1990s, three
Nobel laureates in medicine
advanced research that revealed
the primary function of DNA
lies not in protein
synthesis, as widely believed
for the past century, but
in electromagnetic energy
reception and transmission.
Less than 3% of DNA's function
involves protein manufacture.
More than 90%
functions in the realm
of bioacoustic and bioelectric
electric signaling."
So why is it important to
know that DNA functions
in bioelectric signaling?
HEARTMATH Institute has
discovered, "The heart
and brain maintain a
continuous two-way dialogue,
each influencing the
other's functioning.
Although it is not
well known, the heart
sends far more
information to the brain
than the brain
sends to the heart,
and the signals the
heart sends to the brain
can influence perception,
emotional processing,
and higher cognitive functions."
The heart also
generates the strongest
rhythmic electromagnetic
field in the body.
And this actually
can be measured
in the brain waves
of people around us.
We are quite literally an
electromagnetic expression
of our highest
cognitive function.
The behavior of
electromagnetism is
evident throughout
the world as dualism.
All matter contains a
negative and positive charge,
which means organisms are
built upon this foundation.
The natural homeostasis
of any organism
is a balance of both polarities.
Furthermore, research
on emotional energetics
shows that "the heart's
field is a carrier
of emotional information
and a mediator
of bio-electromagnetic
communication
within and outside the body.
Research shows our
heart's field changes
distinctly as we experience
different emotions.
It is registered in
people's brains around us
and apparently is capable
of affecting cells, water,
and DNA studied in vitro."
Fear.
The chemical supplied
by a collective parasite
creates a distinctive
bioelectric signal given off
by the host.
This signal is disseminated
to the organisms
within our community
and will grow
outward through
the entire organism
unless it is counterbalanced
by an opposing force.
Dr. Fritz-Albert Popp discovered
that the cells in our body
communicate through
biophotons, which
are tiny particles
of light that are
single units of an
electromagnetic field.
This communication
system within our body
also exists between
people in what's
known as morphic resonance.
This was known by the shamans,
sages, and adepts of antiquity.
These teachings were commonplace
in prehistoric cultures.
It wasn't by sheer chance that
artistic expression and rituals
were the cornerstone of
every ancient civilization.
Art was used as
a personal method
to exercise the shadow
content of the psyche
and introduce it to
the conscious mind.
This was very literally
viewed as psychic therapy.
Ritual was based around
astrological dates.
As we've learned, the study
of the stars and planets
reflect our own
astro psychology.
The shamans would
perform rituals
on astrological dates that
would correlate with a circadian
rhythm or a psychological cycle.
These rituals kept
the human participants
aware of their inner self
and prevented the repression
of psychological content.
As long as people were
facing their inner demons
and accepting them
as their own, they
were not collectively projecting
them into the physical world.
"If you bring forth
what is within you,
what you bring
forth will save you.
If you do not bring forth what
is within you, what you do not
bring forth will destroy you."
The progeny of our
psychological disease
began growing rapidly after
a series of catastrophes
forced the collective into
a somatic state of fight
or flight.
This lowered the immunity
of the population
by introducing a state
of immense stress.
Our body becomes more
susceptible to illness
under stress.
In this manner, humanity fell
ill when entire bodies of land
were swallowed up
by the floodwaters.
This uprooted many tribes,
chieftains, and civilizations
from their homes and their
ritual practices that
were used as a conduit
for psychic wellness
or put on hold in order
to survive the catastrophe
and seek new homes.
The shamans were spread to
many new areas of the world.
This information
has been suppressed.
We are made to believe
that advanced civilization
such as ancient Egypt and
the Mayans of Mesoamerica
came about with no prior
rudimentary remnants
or evidence of evolving
intellectual artifacts to bring
them to their peak.
We are meant to believe that
their incredible knowledge
of mathematics, astrology,
agriculture, economy, polity,
and architecture
came out of nowhere.
This leads many researchers
today to the understanding
that the origins of
these civilizations
have been suppressed.
Not surprisingly,
the force that has
guided the suppression
of this knowledge
comes from the exact bloodline
of the political and religious
leaders stated previously.
These are some of the
notable book burnings
and suppression of important
texts in our history.
Yet after all of
this suppression,
there are still remnants
of the dispersion
of elder civilizations
in nearly every country.
There's tremendous evidence of
ancient cultures visiting North
America long before
the conventional belief
of European colonization.
Barry Fell states in
his book, "America, BC",
"There are ancient
inscriptions now
being reported from nearly all
parts of the United States,
Canada, and Latin
America-- written
in various European and
Mediterranean languages
in alphabets that date
from 2,500 years ago.
William Comyns Beaumont
wrote, "the Toltec and Maya
civilizations never
originated on American soil
but appeared there full
blown, with a well-defined art
and system of hieroglyphic
writing, which
possesses affinities
with Egyptian."
It is found that
there are thousands
of prehistoric sites
across New England
and several other northern
states showing inscriptions,
carvings, and mounds
created by Druidic mariners
as far back as 800 BC.
To suppress this
information further,
it was not only imperative
for the bloodline
to burn the documented
text containing
true historical information, but
to wipe out the cultures that
derived from these
ancient shamans.
The most devastating
genocide ever
endured was and still
is the annihilation
of shamanic tribes.
>>We've lost our
traditional roots
and don't know our ritual.
The dragon dances and the ghost
dances of the Native American
Indians, what do you
think that was all about?
All the shamans of the world,
when they do their rituals,
they're doing that-- their work
harmonically through dances--
is to strengthen the
immune system of the Earth.
But they've been all murdered.
So that was why in the
17th century, exactly
the same period
I'm talking about,
there was an all
out agenda that when
you come across indigenous
people, you annihilate them.
>>Columbus was sent
on his expedition
along with agents of
the crown to disrupt
the lives of the natives
and seize mineral resources.
He visited every island in the
Caribbean, depleting the gold
and taking as many slaves of the
native Taino tribe as possible.
"Five million natives were
murdered within three years,"
according to Leah Trabich.
"Within 15 years, the
Arawak tribe of 250,000
was completely wiped out."
"The population of
the United States
prior to European contact
was greater than 12 million.
Four centuries later, the count
was reduced by 95% to 237,000."
"From 1494 to 1508, over
three million people
had perished from war,
slavery, and the mines.
Who in future generations
will believe this?
I myself writing this as a
knowledgeable eyewitness can
hardly believe it.
My eyes have seen these acts
so foreign to human nature,
and now I tremble as I write."
Another agent of the
false ego bloodline
was Hernando Cortez, who
decimated the Aztec tribe
and plundered their
mineral resources.
This again was the case
through Cortez's second cousin,
Francisco Pizarro, who conquered
the Incan Empire in Peru.
These atrocities are seen
throughout Africa, New Zealand,
New Guinea, East Timor, and
are still seen today in Canada.
This was a deliberate attempt
to bury any surviving remnants
of the ancient world
and our true history.
It is a naive mistake, however,
to categorize and blame
everything and everyone involved
with politics or religion
for this suppression
of knowledge.
It is only natural for people
to crave spiritual understanding
when there are so many
manufactured missing links
and perversions in the
spiritual texts today.
And due to this void
of spiritual wisdom,
honest and moral
people who are simply
trying to understand
their place in this world
become the prime
consumer market for those
who wish to exploit
this vulnerability.
>>The ego is something
that is insecure.
It's something that
is in need of control.
The ego actually is
an interior thing,
but it's trying to act like it
is something that is superior.
Hence this schism
occurs between the ego
and between the
unconscious, or the self.
There's a kind of a
messiah complex at work
here as well, I feel, that
we project the savior type
ideal on someone, and we
expect them to save us.
And we are not willing
ourselves to deal with this
and get to the root of why
we perhaps feel insecure
or why we feel we
don't have enough power
to run our own lives, basically.
If we look at the
New Age movement,
for instance, which is another
kind of trap in all this,
where people might
end up actually,
they're looking for
something so bad
that they're taking
all these things that
are handed to us or to
them, but it's not really
based on any real understanding.
It's still kind of coming from
a religious type of perspective.
People are genuinely
seeking something new.
They're genuinely seeking
a new type of spirituality
or to better themselves
or to change something.
But this has been hijacked.
And what they actually
do is that they lead you
into another type of
group mentality, a New Age
religion, whatever it is.
And people still are not
able to kind of really
break free from that to
follow their own journey
or their own path which I
think is very important.
>>In the pre-Christian
era, there
were several cults of
incredible power, most notably
the Stellar, Solar, Saturnian,
Lunar, and Mushroom Cults.
It is simple to see that
worshippers of the Lunar
goddess comprised
of the Lunar Cult.
The worship of sun gods were
indicative of the Solar Cults.
The Saturnian Cult, which
consisted of Phoenicians
and Canonites,
worshipped El, or Eli.
The biblical exodus of
the Hebrews from Egypt
showed that they
entered Canon and merged
the Lunar Cult of Isis,
the Solar Cult of Ra,
and the Saturnian Cult of
El to form Isis, Ra, El.
Israel.
"The old Israelitish cult and
mythology, the Yahweh-worship,
the patriarchal legends, the
sojourn in Egypt, and so on,
are rooted in the religion of
the sacred fungus, developed
from the underlying fertility
philosophy of the ancient Near
East."
The Jewish mitre, Muslim
turbans, and military berets
are derivations of the
symbol of the Mushroom Cult.
One of the first
and most prominent,
however, was the Stellar Cult.
And a number of
these ancient cults
were created for
shamanic purposes
and earthly stewardship.
Yet some were taken over
with different intentions.
Just as you would imagine in
any establishment of power,
smaller cults formed
within the main cults
to worship individual deities.
The Cult of Mithras and the Cult
of Dionysus are two examples.
You still today can see the
Mithraic or Phrygian cap
on the symbol of the
Seated Liberty dollar,
the coat of arms
of many countries,
the reverse side of
the flag of Paraguay,
the seal of the
United States Senate,
and even involved in
the Solar Cult holiday
that we now call Christmas.
In the cult of
Dionysus, many festivals
were celebrated, such as the
greater Dionysia, celebrated
in Athens around
the spring equinox.
The foremost event
in this festival
was the final contest, in
which poets, musicians,
and entertainers performed
in an open air theater.
Musicians did not
have to pay taxes,
and members of
the artists' guild
did not have to participate
in military affairs.
The cult of Dionysus is
still alive to this day
as the entertainment industry.
These cults still exist in many
important positions of power
throughout the entire
civilized world.
Yet the most important
function of these groups
is to manufacture the consent
and complicity of the people.
>>The conscious mind
is the creative mind.
It's the one that has your
personal identity into it.
It does the real thinking.
And then there's a
subconscious mind.
Well, there's no entity in it.
The subconscious mind is
equivalent of a tape player.
It records behaviors and
then, at the push of a button,
plays the behaviors.
It's automatic.
It's a very convenient
thing because then we
don't have to
relearn all the time.
Once you know it, you
can make a pattern.
The problem is that the basic
patterns of belief and behavior
that are programmed in
the subconscious mind
came from our teachers,
primarily our parents,
our family, and our community.
>>See, most people don't
even understand how easily
we're influenced
by our environment.
Every person we encounter,
every single situation
that we're faced with,
every little word that's
said on television
may not seem too
influential to our
conscious minds,
but your unconscious is
designed specifically
to let every
environmental signal
influence you without
your awareness.
So the question
is, are we leading
conscious or unconscious lives?
>>And now neuroscience
has told us,
in the unfolding of our
lives, only 5% of our life
is controlled by our conscious
mind, and 95% of the time
controlled by the
subconscious with programs
from other people that
were installed in there.
And the problem is, it means
when those programs are
playing, we don't see them.
>>And the skeptics
will sit there
and say, consciousness,
archetypes, astrology?
No, no, no.
We create things with
our hands, not our minds.
Archetypes aren't physical.
They can't influence me.
But when you think of
the fact that we're
only conscious of this
small, little fraction
of our behavior,
what we don't realize
is that entire countries,
entire civilizations, that
think they're free
and independent,
but are unconsciously too afraid
to be free and independent,
they will beg to be governed.
And if they can't
do it themselves,
who do you think will
consciously or unconsciously
take that responsibility?
It usually ends up being that
strong, masculine, animus
archetypal figure.
When we think we're
in danger, we're
not looking for our
mother to nurture us.
We want our father
to protect us.
And right on cue,
with the age of fear,
this age of catastrophe,
the age of this parasite,
we see masculine domination.
One of the primary conduits
for giving our responsibility
and our conscious
energy away is money.
We surely don't want to admit
that our dependency on money
is flawed because
that would imply
that the fault is our own.
And god forbid we take
responsibility for our lives.
So we blame the money.
>>This is the cornerstone
of the entire illusion being
built around us
by the false ego.
Money is said to be
the root of all evil,
yet it cannot be evil because
money is only a symbol.
Symbols carry only the faith
and spirit of the observer.
This means that the
symbol of paper money
evokes and services the evil
intentions and inherent flaw
of our false ego.
Money only exists because we
agree to accept it as valuable.
And to further illustrate
our incapacity for freedom,
we've given the control
of our faith-based money
to a private corporation instead
of the federal government.
There is no law
stating that we have
to use Federal Reserve
notes as currency.
We choose to because we fear
the alternative, independence.
>>But it's not even
really about money.
It's about energy.
Because money is simply
this material thing that
allows billions of people
to crave just one thing
and put their energy
into the same thing.
It's not the plasma
TV or the house
or the lifestyle or the job
or the significant other
or the status that
we're really after.
Because we know
that we're empty.
These people feel
sadness and loneliness
and void just like anybody else.
And they either want to fill
that void with materialism
because they think that that
will make them feel better,
or they want to sedate
the void feeling
with material possessions.
So it all comes
back to this feeling
of having to put our dependency
into an external source,
something that we have
absolutely no control over.
>>What we're seeing right
now, with all the competition
of each other, destroying
each other, wars,
competing for material
existing, raping the planet
and tearing it apart to
get some pieces of it
to hold in your hands
and say you won the game,
every one of those
moves is destructive,
not just of the planet,
but of human civilization.
Because human civilization
will thrive with cooperation
and will die with competition.
And if you operate
from these truths,
then you end up with the
extinction that lies before us.
>>You see, we all have
demons, so to speak.
We all have inner
demons in our lives.
But we expect to see devilish
monsters or dark apparitions
when you think of a
demon, kind of like what
you'd see in the cinema.
But our demons are really the
people in our everyday lives,
the people that we
argue with, the people
that we envy or hate, the ones
we physically or emotionally
harm in some way,
shape, or form.
And it's not because
we envy or hate
qualities in these
specific people as much
as we hate the fact that
they remind us of ourselves.
They reflect qualities
about ourselves
that we wish we had
more of or that we
wish we didn't have at all.
So what do we do?
We alleviate that pain,
not by fixing or fighting
our own demons, but by
harming the people that
remind us of our demons, by
harming the people that remind
us of the things that we
don't like about ourselves.
And when we become
frustrated that we're not
in control of our emotions
because we don't really
know what's affecting
our emotions,
we take it out on others.
We take it out on
absolutely anything else
that can show us or act as
a catalyst for our hatred.
So we do the same
thing to animals.
Animals are perfect because
they can't defend themselves.
It's a perfect catalyst
for our inner aggression,
our confusion, our hatred.
Just take it out on something
absolutely helpless.
Just imagine how
unconscious a person
has to be of his or
her actions to torture
or mutilate or brutalize
any living thing.
[CRYING]
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Oh, bit you.
>>[INAUDIBLE] tail [INAUDIBLE].
>>He's a big guy.
>>Think of the
lack of compassion
you must have towards
life in general
to be able to feel no
semblance of sympathy
towards entire populations.
Let alone just individuals
or individual animals,
entire populations of species
that are bred specifically
for the purpose of commodity.
I'll tell you what's even
more dangerous, is not so much
the people carrying
out this cruelty,
because that's already
been established.
That form of hatred and cruelty
has already been established,
and it's already known.
What I'm really worried
about is the people who
are against
inhumanity, the people
who are against animal cruelty,
and feel self righteous enough
to think that it's justified
to inflict harm or even
wish harm on these people.
Because those are the people who
take unconscious cruel behavior
to a whole new level of
conscious cruel behavior
that's perfectly
acceptable in their minds
because they feel
that it's their job
to bring other
people to justice.
Like they're an authority
figure of some sort.
Those are the people who
will have a much harder time
figuring out why they
harbor so much inner hatred
and resentment.
They don't seem to
realize that it's just
another form of the
same exact hatred.
So to keep from facing our
inner demons consistently,
what do we do?
We begin to realize,
hey, wait a minute.
Maybe it's not all
right to inflict harm
on any other living thing.
Then the ego has to come up with
a more esoteric form of cruelty
to trick us into
displaying the same form
of self hatred, the
same indignant attitude,
but just in another way
and towards another group
of people.
But the emptiness will
always find a way back in,
and people will always start to
feel restless again, no matter
how many times
they transfer blame
to yet another person
or yet another group.
We need chaos in our lives.
We crave destruction.
We beg for catastrophe.
Because if we don't
have these things to act
as a form of exorcism
or a catalyst for us,
we start to notice these
things in ourselves.
And that's what we don't want.
See, we can deal with wars.
We can deal with terrorism.
We can deal with stock market
collapse and economic collapse.
We can deal with these things.
But once we start to notice
this chaos within ourselves,
that's what we're
really afraid of.
We'll take a million
September 11's over one moment
of true insight
towards our self hate.
And you know, the most
interesting part of all this
is we encounter
things every day,
every single day, that we
either accept with open arms
or that we reject violently.
The interesting
part is not really
what we're accepting
or rejecting as much
as what it is
inside us that makes
us feel compelled
to a certain thing
or repelled from
a certain thing.
There's this fundamental
dual behavior
of muscular strength
or weakness, attraction
or repulsion.
And what's
interesting about this
is, when you realize that
consciousness, awareness,
that intangible essence
that animates all matter
into what we see
around us as life,
that is where you will find the
origin of this dual behavior.
It's been explained is the
inhalation and exhalation
of Brahma, the contraction
and expansion of Ahriman
and Lucifer in an
anthroposophical setting.
The active and the
passive qualities
in electricity, the masculine
and feminine qualities,
yin and yang, existence
and nothingness.
These are all ways to explain
the same behavioral process
that begins with awareness,
begins with consciousness.
And if you get rid
of all the images
and concepts in our minds of
these sayings in your head
and just try to feel the
difference between the two
polarities, you'll
begin to notice that all
the different scenarios
and possibilities that
are playing out in the world all
spawn from this common origin.
You'll have a million
people telling you
why the Bible is
supposedly the word of God
and that you should
follow it word for word.
And then you'll
have another million
claiming that it's a form
of mind control and not
to believe any of it.
Everybody will tell
you to be aware of this
or watch out for that.
This is good information.
This is bad information.
And I just have to
wonder, what makes
anyone an authority
figure enough to say
that something is true or false?
And why are you denying
or accepting anything
based on the suggestion
of another person?
Why aren't you making that
decision for yourself?
Information is information.
There's no such thing as
good or bad information.
It's all what you do with it.
I say let everything
be your Bible.
Give every piece of information,
every person, every event
or scenario or situation,
an honest and open mind.
Because then it's
your responsibility
to respond to it in the
way that you choose.
Not following the herd,
not following convention.
It's your responsibility.
And that's the point when, no
matter how many people tell you
you're wrong or
right, you're not
dependent upon their approval.
If we at least question
our own actions,
question our own
thought process,
and make a conscious
decision to what we feel
is right every
single day, that's
what I believe to be divinity.
That's true shamanism.
And that, to me, is what it
really feels like to be alive.
>>In this conscious,
living universe,
there are no laws of
nature, just habits.
There is nothing
external to the universe
to enforce a law upon it.
The illusion of a
fixed law of nature
is only the result
of there being
no need for that
habit to be broken.
When habits need to
be broken to ensure
the survival of the organism,
we see this event in nature
and call it evolution.
The collective mind
shapes our evolution.
And a great example of
this is the experiment
done by John Cairns in 1988.
His team put lactose intolerant
cells in an environment
with only lactose for food.
Under a law of nature, every
one of these lactose intolerant
cells would have died.
But surprisingly,
they all survived.
Every one of them understood the
problem that they were facing
and replaced the
defective lactase enzyme
with a functioning one to
utilize lactose for food.
If a cell has the ability to
decide how and when to evolve
because it's facing
extinction, then anything can.
>>The existing beliefs
are that a human body
is a biochemical machine
controlled by genes.
And therefore, the behavior,
emotions, and character
of our biology, our
health, our lives,
are controlled by genes,
which we don't control.
So this is what
we taught people.
You're a victim.
Genes control your life.
You didn't pick them.
You can't change them.
The genes you end up with
program what's going to happen.
My experiments on
stem cells, which
I started in 1967, I'd
isolate one stem cell,
put it in a Petri dish.
And then it would
divide every 10 hours.
So I took all the cells, split
them up into three groups,
and then just put them
in three Petri dishes.
And then I changed the growth
medium, the constituents
of the environment, in
each of the three dishes.
In one dish, the
cells formed bone.
The second dish,
they formed muscle.
In a third dish, they
formed fat cells.
What controlled
the fate of a cell?
And the first thing you
have to say is, wait,
they were all
genetically identical
when they were put in a dish.
So obviously the genes
didn't control it
because they all
had the same genes.
What was different
was the environment.
And all of a sudden, in my
career, it's like, oh my gosh.
Here I am, teaching
genes control life,
and the cells are telling
me, genes respond to life.
And since you can
control the response,
you can control your life.
It's how you read
the environment, how
your mind perceives
the environment.
And if you understand
this, then you
could lead yourself to the
most wonderful expression
on this planet, to be fully
alive and fully healthy,
by just how you
respond to the world.
>>In the face of financial
collapse across the world,
political and religious
wars raging tirelessly,
and an ever-growing feeling of
being lost and void of meaning,
there's a great
amount of energy being
pushed to the surface
of the collective mind.
Evolution does not
come about gradually.
It happens in spurts and fits.
It comes about due
to a tremendous need
for the organism to survive.
We are now at a point in
history where we will choose.
We will choose to become
sovereign or remain dependent,
deface our true self or
continue fighting a ghost,
to become well or allow this
disease to grow, to live
or to die.
The choice is yours.
[MUSIC PLAYING]